Cobxref - Cobol Cross Reference program / module for Open Cobol

Documentation for Beta release version 0.95.45            Dated 31st Jan 2009

Parameters for running program are in the form:

cobxref 1 [2 3 4 5 6 7] where params 2 through 7 are all optional

Note: Param 1 MUST be first param, 2 through 7 can be in any order.
      param 5 is for testing ONLY.
      Param 6 for testing against other ref products only

1: SFN [Source File name] (Mandatory)

2: -R	 Print out source code prior to cross reference listings. Note that this
         will be somewhat compressed, as it is from cobc itself, created during its
         pre-compiling stage.

3: -L    reports all in lowercase (defaults to uppercase or actual case used).

4: -DR   Display All reserved words & stop. Note: Must still specify a source file
         even if a dummy.

5: -TEST Produces testing info (and this can be a lot of output). Used for Debugging
         by or on behalf of programmer.

6: -G    Used in testing: Produces group print out in addition to normal so that
         comparing xref's with Microfocus or IBM can be more easily done.

7: -H	 Displays program parameter info (same as when run without any params}
   --H	 as -H

For normal usage just call as 'cobxref sourcefilename.t'

This will assume that source is in free format.

You must supply SFN.t as created from cobc with -t set or SFN.i as created from
cobc with -save-temps or -E set, this is a free format source file of your program
with insignificant leading spaces removed and all copy verbs pre-processed.
When using OC this is the normal and now, the only method of usage.
It is hoped that cobc will be changed shortly to allow it to call xref using
an additional parameter to cobc.

Tarbell is supplied with cobxref object with static code (self contained).

Source code in C as generated by cobc. To compile run comp-cobxrefc.sh in same
directory containing cobxref source code. Please check that the includes for lib
and mods is pointing in the correct direction ie, /usr/local/lib and
/usr/local/include.

For prior to inclusion into the OC source code tarbells:
If recompiling from cobol source use cobc -x cobxref.cbl. note that for testing I
use: cobc -Wall -Wcolumn-overflow -Wtruncate -debug -t cobxref.t -x cobxref.cbl
 Note that cobc will produce an error:
    cobxref.cbl: In paragraph 'bb050-Check-SubScripts':
    cobxref.cbl:1801: Warning: Sending field larger than receiving field
    cobxref.cbl:248: Warning: 'wsFoundNewWord' defined here as PIC X(32)

as OC cannot know that sending field is limited by z to less than 32 chars.

Please do not make changes without recording the amendment in code with notation
at or near actual code changes. After your tests, please advise of changes direct
to myself at vbcoen@btconnect.com,  through the OC forum and/or the add1tocobol
website.

I have been testing this program against a range of my own code as well as some
of the test programs & modules provided with open cobol.  I now think it is ready
for general usage but please if you can, test it against another cross reference
tool to see if it is producing the same results and advise of any discrepancies.


Please provide any and all reports of bugs through the open cobol forum.

